[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ DANIELS GROANING,
WHIMPERING ]
YOU IN THERE!
COME ON OUT!
John: HEY!
DROP THE KNIFE.
SIR, DROP THE KNIFE!
[ DOG BARKING ]
Lucero: STOP!
John: HEY!
DO NOT TAKE
ANOTHER STEP FORWARD!
SIR! DROP IT!
JOHN COOPER'S LEARNED,
IN THE STREETS OF LOS ANGELES,
A SINGLE STEP
CAN SEPARATE LIFE AND DEATH.
[ ALARM CLOCK BLARING ]
OHH!
[ CHRISTOPHER CRYING ]
OKAY, OKAY.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, OKAY. OHH.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
OKAY.
[ CHRISTOPHER SIGHS ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ GASPS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
GOTCHA, TOUGH GUY.
I GOT TO GO TO SCHOOL.
SEE YOU TONIGHT?
EL CARMEN -- 8:00.
IF YOU'RE LUCKY.
AS A HORSESHOE.
MY FRIENDS ARE GONNA
BOOZE YOU UNDER THE TABLE,
OFFICER SHERMAN.
I THOUGHT YOUR FRIENDS
WERE AFRAID OF COPS.
NOT ANYMORE.
[ MOANS ]
[ SCREAMS ]
[ GASPS ]
I GOT TO GO!
I KNOW!
McCabe: "AT WHICH POINT,
OFFICER BRYANT GRABBED MY ARM
"AND STARTED HITTING ME.
"I TRIED TO DEFEND MYSELF,
BUT HE PROCEEDED TO CHOKE ME,
"NEARLY UNCONSCIOUS,
"WHILE SLAMMING MY HEAD
AGAINST A GENERATOR.
"NOT ONLY AM I CONCERNED
FOR MY SAFETY,
BUT THE SAFETY OF OUR SON AND
THE CITIZENS OF LOS ANGELES."
[ SIGHS ]
I GOT PHYSICAL
BECAUSE I WAS ATTACKED.
IN THE MOMENT,
I RELIED ON MY TRAINING,
FOLLOWED PROTOCOL,
AND SUBDUED TAMMI
WITH MINIMAL, YET...
NECESSARY FORCE.
DID YOU OR DID YOU NOT
CHOKE MS. BRYANT
AND THROW HER HEAD
AGAINST A GENERATOR?
I-I DID NOT.
McCabe: HER BOYFRIEND,
VICTOR SIFUENTES,
IS CLAIMING
THERE'S A VIDEO OF THE INCIDENT,
WHICH SHOWS YOU, IN UNIFORM,
LOSING CONTROL.
[ SIGHS ]
SAYS YOU SEIZED HIS CAMCORDER
BEFORE DEPARTING.
IS THAT TRUE?
[ SCOFFS ]
NO,
I DID NOT LOSE CONTROL.
MR. SIFUENTES SHOVED A CAMERA
IN MY FACE,
AND, FEELING THREATENED,
I TOOK IT AWAY FROM HIM.
Russo: SO,
WHERE'S THE CAMCORDER NOW?
WELL, I ASSUME
IT'S IN THEIR POSSESSION
BECAUSE I DROPPED IT
ON THE STREET BEFORE WE LEFT.
LISTEN,
I APPRECIATE IT, BUT NO.
LOOK, THE 405 IS A MESS,
ALL RIGHT,
ESPECIALLY AFTER THE 10.
NO, I SPEND MY ENTIRE DAY
IN THE CAR.
THE LAST THING I WANT TO DO
IS SPEND MY NIGHT, TOO.
ALL RIGHT.
YEAH.
OKAY.
SLY JOHNNY COOPER, BEATING
THE WOMEN AWAY WITH A STICK.
HUH?
YEAH,
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
COME ON,
GIVE ME SOMETHING VICARIOUS,
SOMETHING I CAN TAKE HOME
TO THE OLD LADY.
COME ON.
TRUST ME,
YOU'D BOTH BE DISAPPOINTED.
AFTER 10 YEARS
OF DOMESTICATION,
IT DOESN'T TAKE MUCH
TO EXCITE ME.
OR HER.
COME ON.
OFFICER SHERMAN, IT'S
GOOD TO SEE YOU UNDER
A DIFFERENT CIRCUMSTANCE.
Ben: YEAH, NO PROBLEM.
HAPPY TO HELP.
WE'LL BE BRIEF.
ALL RIGHT.
ON THE AFTERNOON
OF FEBRUARY 27, 2013,
YOU AND OFFICER BRYANT LEFT
YOUR DIVISION WHILE ON PATROL?
THAT'S RIGHT.
Russo: CAN YOU TELL US
WHAT YOU SAW?
BE HAPPY TO. UH...
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OFF ]
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
[ DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE ]
OFFICER DUDEK,
HOW YOU FEELING?
AH, TICKER'S
BETTER THAN EVER.
THANK YOU,
DETECTIVE ADAMS.
HOW'S, UH --
HOW'S YOUR LITTLE ONE?
HE'S GOOD.
THANKS FOR ASKING.
GOOD.
YES, UH,
WHAT DO WE HAVE?
UH, MOTHER AND FATHER
FELL ASLEEP LAST NIGHT
WATCHING TELEVISION.
MOTHER WOKE UP THIS MORNING
ABOUT 7:00 A.M.
FOUND THE D.B. IN THE MASTER
BEDROOM -- WASN'T BREATHING.
FATHER CALLED 911,
REPORTED A WINDOW HAD BEEN OPEN
THAT WAS PREVIOUSLY CLOSED.
HMM, THERE'S NO VISIBLE
PUNCTURE WOUNDS OR BRUISES.
NOTHING LOOKS BROKEN.
UM, DID ANYBODY CHECK THE BASE
OF THE WINDOW FOR FOOTPRINTS?
YEAH.
NOTHING.
UM, HAVE S.I.D. DUST
THE TRASH CANS FOR FINGERPRINTS.
I'LL CROSS-CHECK
EVERY SANITATION WORKER IN L.A.
IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES.
AND THE A/C UNIT, TOO.
OKAY.
UH, IT LOOKS LIKE A CASE
OF CO-SLEEPING OR SIDS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
HMM?
LYDIA.
[ HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ]
WHAT HAPPENED?
TOLD 'EM
WHAT YOU SAID WENT DOWN.
NO BIGGIE.
[ GRUNTS ]
THEY ASK
IF I ROUGHED HER UP?
YOU PUSHED HER OFF
WHEN SHE WENT AFTER YOU.
NOTHING MORE.
WHAT ABOUT THE CAMCORDER?
[ SIGHS ]
YOU THREW IT IN THE STREET
BEFORE WE LEFT.
[ GUN THUDS ]
YOU WORRIED?
LOOK.
TAMMI'S A JUNKIE
AND A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR,
DATING
AN UNEMPLOYED BURNOUT.
SHE'S ALSO MY SON'S
MOTHER.
AND A BAD ONE AT THAT.
YOU'RE A COP.
IT'LL BE FINE, SAMMY.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
[ CAR DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT,
YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?
RIGHT?
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
WATCH YOUR HEAD.
STAY PUT.
ALL GOOD?
YEAH.
ASSHOLE WAS GRAFFITIING.
I ROLL UP TO CITE HIM.
AND THEN HE RABBITS
LIKE USAIN BOLT.
AND THEN --
HE LOOKS BACK TO SHOWBOAT.
RIGHT INTO A PALM TREE.
THWACK.
[ RINGTONE PLAYS ]
YEAH, LUCKY FOR YOU.
I HAD HIM, ALL RIGHT?
RIGHT.
YEAH, ASSHOLE GIVES NEW MEANING
TO THE WORD "FACE PLANT."
HELLO?
[ GUNSHOT ]
[ GASPS ]
DON'T MOVE.
DON'T MOVE!
YOU IN THE CAR,
STOP MOVING!
I GOT HIM.
I GOT IT.
Vazquez:
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
YOU'RE FUCKING KIDDING ME.
YOU FUCKING IDIOT!
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU JUST DID?
YEAH,
BLUE RIBBON PAT DOWN!
FUCKING IDIOT.
A57 -- REQUEST A SUPERVISOR
AT MY LOCATION.
HAVE F.I.D. RESPOND,
AS WELL.
THAT BULLET WAS AN INCH OR TWO
LEFT OR RIGHT,
WE COULD HAVE BEEN LISTENING TO
BAGPIPES IN A FUCKING PINE BOX!
Naveed: HEY, OFFICERS!
HEY! HEY, HEY, COME ON!
COME ON! HURRY UP, GUYS!
COME ON, MAN, LOOK AT THIS!
LOOK AT THIS MESS THE GUY MADE.
HE JUST TOOK OFF, TOO.
HE JUST TOOK OFF. PLEASE, COME,
COME. HE JUST -- JUST --
WHAT'S GOING ON?
LOOK, LOOK,
LOOK AT THE MESS HE MADE.
OH, MY GOD, THIS IS MY WHOLE
LIFE, AND NOW JUST -- JUST GONE.
OH, FUCK.
Ben: ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
GIVE ME THAT, GIVE ME THAT.
FUCK.
ALL RIGHT, OUTSIDE.
GO, OUTSIDE, OUTSIDE.
I'LL GET THIS.
OH, YEAH,
WAY TO PUT THAT FIRE OUT.
IT WOULD BE UP OUR ASS
IF WE DIDN'T.
YEAH, GOOD WORK.
SHUT UP.
SO, HE JUMPED
OVER THE COUNTER,
HE RIPPED MY CASH DRAWER
OUT OF THE REGISTER,
THROWS IT
ACROSS THE STORE.
I TRIED TO STOP HIM.
HE STARTED THROWING
ALCOHOL BOTTLES INTO IT,
THEN
LIT MY MONEY ON FIRE.
AND THE FUCKER JUST RUNS OFF
SCREAMING, "ATTICA, ATTICA!"
SO, WHAT DID HE LOOK LIKE?
CRAZY --
HE HAD, LIKE, WILD EYES,
SOME KIND
OF STUPID-ASS MOHAWK HAIRDO.
SO WE'RE LOOKING FOR AN ANGRY,
DRUGGED-OUT ASSHOLE
WITH AN AFFINITY
FOR PACINO MOVIES?
PLEASE.
MAYBE TAMMI KNOWS HIM.
PLEASE,
YOU GUYS GOT TO HELP ME.
I-I-I-I HAVE NO INSURANCE.
THIS IS ALL I HAVE.
THE DETECTIVES WILL BE HERE.
THEY'LL TAKE YOUR
STATEMENT, SIR.
OKAY, SIR, WE'LL --
WE'LL DO EVERYTHING
THAT WE CAN, ALL RIGHT?
A36 -- WE HAVE
A SUSPECT DESCRIPTION.
[ SNIFFLES ]
HOW DOES A BABY JUST DIE?
MA'AM, WE'RE -- WE'RE TRYING
TO FIGURE THAT OUT RIGHT NOW.
Miguel: I CHECKED ON JAVI
AT 11:00.
HE LOOKED HAPPY.
HE EVEN SMILED AT ME.
[ SOBS ]
Lydia:
I KNOW THIS IS DIFFICULT,
BUT WAS THERE ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY?
NO. THERE WASN'T.
BUT YOU DID LOCK
THE WINDOW?
I DON'T REMEMBER.
DO YOU REMEMBER
IT BEING CLOSED?
I THINK SO.
UM, IF THERE'S
ANYTHING THAT YOU CAN REMEMBER,
IT REALLY
WOULD BE HELPFUL.
I --
ARE YOU SURE?
I DON'T KNOW.
[ SOBBING ]
Howard:
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS LOOKING AT?!
OFFICER, UP HERE!
HEY.
YOU GOT TO HELP ME!
THIS BITCH IS CRAZY!
SHE BURNED MY CLOTHES, AND NOW
SHE'S HOLDING ME HOSTAGE!
SIR, I NEED YOU TO CALM DOWN
AND STEP INSIDE.
CALM DOWN?!
FUCK CALM!
SHE'S ALREADY WHIPPED ME --
TWICE!
PLEASE!
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!
NOW!
JUST HANG ON A SECOND.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
POLICE! OPEN UP!
HI.
MA'AM,
PLEASE COVER YOURSELF.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD COVER ME,
GENERAL COOPER.
I'M GONNA ASK YOU
ONE MORE TIME.
OKAY.
[ POUNDING ON GLASS ]
Howard:
HEY! COME ON!
OPEN IT!
GOD,
IT'S ABOUT FREAKING TIME!
SIR, ARE YOU INJURED?
YOU BET YOUR ASS, I AM! LOOK!
LOOK AT THIS SHIT!
DID YOU ASSAULT THIS MAN?
NO.
OKAY, YES, A-A LITTLE,
BUT HE LIKED IT.
THAT'S A LIE!
SHE TOLD ME SHE WAS A LIBRARIAN.
WE MET AT THE BOOK FAIR
LAST NIGHT.
AND, YEAH, WE SCREWED, BUT THEN
SHE WOULDN'T LET ME LEAVE
UNTIL WE DID IT AGAIN
AND AGAIN AND AGAIN!
YOU SAID YOU THE READ
THE MARQUIS DE SADE!
HOWARD SAID HE READ IT
AND HE LIKED IT!
I DID! AS FICTION!
ALL RIGHT, SHUT UP. SHUT UP.
YOU TELL HER TO --
SHUT UP!
SHE'S --
BE QUIET.
COVER YOURSELF.
MA'AM, TURN AROUND.
HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK.
MY CUFFS OR -- YOURS.
[ SIGHS ]
OOH!
[ GIGGLES ]
WELL, AT LEAST SOMEONE'S
IN CHARGE IN THIS ROOM.
Howard:
YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL.
AT LEAST YOU'VE GOT SOMETHING TO
TAKE HOME TO YOUR WIFE NOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
EVIL.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
WHAT IF I.A. BELIEVES TAMMI,
AND THE WHOLE SITUATION
JUST STARTS SPINNING
OUT OF CONTROL?
QUIT TORTURING YOURSELF,
MAN.
LIEUTENANT RUSSO
IS GUNNING FOR ME.
NATE COULD END UP
WITH D.C.F.S. WHO KNOWS?
DUDE, IT'LL WORK OUT.
WHAT IF YOU'RE WRONG?
THEN NATE COMES TO LIVE
WITH UNCLE BEN.
OH, YEAH?
YOU AND YOUR HAREM?
[ LAUGHS ]
SURE, WE'LL GET THE LITTLE GUY
STARTED YOUNG.
YEAH.
SO, WHAT'S THE DEAL?
YOU'RE NOT READY TO GIVE UP
YOUR HUGH HEFNER LIFESTYLE?
[ CHUCKLES ]
HOW MANY GIRLS
ARE YOU SEEING?
EH, YOU KNOW.
I TELL YOU WHAT.
FOR YOU, I'LL CUT IT OFF.
I'LL SEND 'EM YOUR WAY.
OH, YEAH.
YEAH.
HAVE 'EM BANG ME
OUT OF MY MISERY?
IT'D TAKE
THE WHOLE HAREM.
RIGHT.
OFFICERS.
YES?
WE HAD A YOUNG NANNY
FROM EL SALVADOR.
WE FIRED HER
ABOUT THREE WEEKS AGO.
I FOUND HER TRYING
TO BREAST-FEED OUR BABY.
WHEN I CONFRONTED HER,
SHE MADE A PASS AT ME.
SAID SHE LOVED ME, SHE WANTS TO
MARRY ME AND HAVE A FAMILY.
SHE'S NOT STABLE.
AND HOW COME
YOU DIDN'T TELL US THIS INSIDE?
I HAD AN AFFAIR
TWO YEARS AGO.
REYA NEVER FORGAVE ME.
I WAS AFRAID
SHE WOULD MISUNDERSTAND.
DO YOU HAVE AN ADDRESS?
HEY, DON'T KNOCK IT
TILL YOU TRIED IT.
MY WHIPS AND CHAINS?
[ LAUGHS ]
MY OLD LADY'S GOT SOME FRIENDS,
ALL RIGHT?
FAT ONES, SKINNY ONES,
BROWN ONES, WHITE ONES,
FREAKY ONES --
FREAKY ONES.
ALL 31 FLAVORS.
WE COULD FIX YOU UP.
NO, YOU KNOW ME.
THE STREETS -- THEY'VE ALWAYS
BEEN MY SIGNIFICANT OTHER.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU CAN'T MAKE LOVE
TO THE JOB.
MY WIFE'S CHICKEN MOLE,
ON THE OTHER HAND...
YOU'LL WISH IT HAD LEGS.
YOU COULD WALK IT DOWN
THE AISLE, AND, YOU KNOW...
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
YOU SAID "ALL RIGHT"?
NO, I DIDN'T MEAN ALL RIGHT.
YOU SAID "ALL RIGHT."
NO, I KNOW I SAID, "ALL RIGHT,"
BUT I DIDN'T MEAN ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, I'M GONNA
CALL MY WIFE RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA CALL HER RI--
IT'S NOT --
Harry: HELP ME! PLEASE HELP ME!
PLEASE, PLEASE!
I DIDN'T EVEN -- PLEASE!
I DIDN'T SEE HER.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HELP ME!
PLEASE, HURRY!
PLEASE! PLEASE!
[ HORNS HONKING ]
I DIDN'T SEE HER.
OKAY, BACK UP, BACK UP.
SHE CAME OUT OF NOWHERE.
A57 -- I'VE GOT A WOMAN
PINNED UNDER A BUS.
SHE CAME OUT OF NOWHERE.
I SWEAR TO GOD.
REQUEST AN R.A. UNIT
AT MY LOCATION.
SEND ADDITIONAL
BLACK-AND-WHITES, AS WELL.
I'M SO SORRY.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
Lucero: YO, TEXAS,
GET THE HELL OFF THE BUS.
[ GRUNTING ]
HEY.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
REBECCA.
HEY, REBECCA.
I'M JOHN.
WE GOT AN AMBULANCE COMING.
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY.
MY DAD'S NAME IS JOHN.
HE TOLD ME
NEVER TO RIDE THE BUS IN L.A.
I BET HE NEVER THOUGHT THE BUS
WOULD BE RIDING YOU, HUH?
[ CHUCKLES ]
IS THERE SOMEBODY
WE CAN CALL?
YOUR DAD MAYBE?
NO. HE LIVES
IN MASSACHUSETTS.
ANYBODY ELSE?
I-I JUST MOVED OUT HERE.
I FOLLOWED MY BOYFRIEND,
BUT IT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
HE SAID HE COULDN'T BE TIED
DOWN, THAT L.A.'s TOO BIG.
OH. HIS LOSS, I BET.
HE'S AN ASSHOLE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
MOST GUYS ARE.
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
[ CRIES ]
POLICE! POLICE!
WHAT HAPPENED?
SON OF A BITCH DESTROYED MY BAR,
STOLE MY TASER.
I TRIED TO FIGHT BACK,
BUT DUDE'S LIKE INCREDIBLE HULK.
Ben: WHAT HAPPENED?
CAN YOU DESCRIBE HIM?
DESCRIBE HIM?
ASSHOLE SHOT ME, POINT-BLANK!
HE LOOKED LIKE BRUCE WILLIS
ON CRACK.
HE TRIED TO TAKE MY CASH,
START A FIRE.
LET ME GUESS -- HE'S SCREAMING,
"ATTICA, ATTICA"?
Joe: YEAH!
SOMEBODY HELP ME!
A CRAZY GUY --
HE ATTACKED MY CAB DRIVER.
HE'S ACROSS THE STREET!
RIGHT OVER THERE!
[ HORN HONKS ]
HE'S THERE!
Man: ATTICA! ATTICA!
HEY!
HE'S GOING. HE'S GOING.
A36 -- SHOW US IN PURSUIT
OF A CODE 37 VEHICLE.
ATTICA! ATTICA!
REQUEST BACKUP AND AN AIRSHIP.
[ SIREN WAILING ]
CLEAR. YOU'RE CLEAR.
SO, WE'RE THINKING THIS
22-YEAR-OLD SALVADORAN NANNY
SNEAKS IN THE WINDOW,
SUFFOCATES THE BABY,
THEN HOPS OUT UNDETECTED?
YOU HEARD
WHAT MIGUEL SAID.
YEAH, BUT HE SOUNDS LIKE A MAN
GRASPING FOR STRAWS.
EITHER THAT OR --
NO. THERE'S MORE TO IT.
LYDIA, IT'S NOT HARD.
THERE'S NO BLOOD, NO VISIBLE
TRAUMA, NO FORCED ENTRY.
IT'S -- IT'S
A CO-SLEEPING CASE OR SIDS.
WE'RE CHECKING
EVERY LEAD.
AT THE EXPENSE OF EVERYTHING
THAT'S OBVIOUS.
CARMEN MARTINEZ?
[ DOORKNOB RATTLES ]
OH, DAMN!
OKAY. HERE WE GO.
HEY! STOP!
[ PANTING ]
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
HEY. HEY, HEY, HEY.
WHAT ARE
YOU RUNNING FOR?
COME ON, NOW.
LET'S TAKE IT EASY.
TAKE IT EASY. TAKE IT EASY.
DON'T MAKE IT HARDER
THAN IT HAS TO BE.
[ SIREN WAILING ]
CLEAR.
SHIT. LET HIM GO.
LET HIM GO.
[ HORN BLARES ]
[ HORN HONKS ]
HE'S ON THE LEFT.
NOW HE'S BACK.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
SHIT.
HE'S TAKING THE LEFT.
HE'S GOT THE LEFT.
SHEESH.
SHIT! FUCK.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
CLEAR.
[ HORN BLARES ]
WHAT THE FUCK?
SHIT.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
FLIP AROUND.
GOT HIM. CLEAR. CLEAR.
I GOT IT. I'M GONNA BAIL.
IT'S DANGEROUS.
YOU GOT HIM. GOT HIM!
YOU GOT HIM.
CLEAR!
SHIT.
SHIT. FUCK.
I GOT TO GO.
THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
SHIT.
FUCK!
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU DOING?!
[ STATIC ]
A36 --
WE FELL OUT OF PURSUIT.
[ SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
NICK, LET'S GET THIS COP
OUT OF HERE.
COOP! COOP,
THEY NEED TO GET IN THERE, MAN.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M RIGHT HERE.
YOU DON'T WORRY ABOUT THEM.
YOU JUST LOOK AT ME.
THEY WANT YOU OUT OF THERE,
MAN.
[ AIR HISSING ]
COOP,
GET OUT OF THERE, MAN.
I'M GOOD. I'M GOOD.
THEY NEED TO WORK.
Man: HOLDING.
GO AHEAD
AND SHUT OFF THE RED. GOT IT?
John: I'M RIGHT HERE,
REBECCA.
RIGHT HERE.
NICK, YOU NEED ANY HELP
DOWN THERE?
[ GRUNTS ]
Man: WE'RE GONNA LOG ROLL HER
TO HER LEFT.
MEDICS,
DO YOU HAVE YOUR GURNEY?
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
I'M RIGHT HERE,
SWEETHEART.
GET THE HEAD BLOCKS.
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT.
REBECCA,
CAN YOU WIGGLE YOUR TOES?
[ CONVERSING IN SPANISH ]
SHE SAID SHE THOUGHT
WE WERE FROM I.N.S.
ASK HER
ABOUT REYA AND MIGUEL.
[ CONVERSING IN SPANISH ]
UH, SHE SAID SHE WORKED
FOR THEM AS A NANNY
FOR A COUPLE OF MONTHS,
AND THEN REYA GOT JEALOUS.
HOW COME?
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
MIGUEL WAS IN LOVE WITH HER,
BUT --
DID HE SAY
THAT HE LOVED YOU?
[ CONVERSING IN SPANISH ]
NOT EXACTLY.
NOT EXACTLY?
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
OH.
DETECTIVE ROBINSON.
SO, WHAT, YOU DECIDED
TO JUST REMOVE THE OBSTACLES?
MIGUEL. SLOW DOWN. SLOW DOWN.
WHERE ARE YOU?
WREAK HAVOC, AND THEN BE
WAITING WITH OPEN ARMS?
SHE DID WHAT?
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
YOU WAITED UNTIL REYA
AND MIGUEL WERE SLEEPING.
SO, WHERE IS SHE NOW?
AND THEN YOU SNUCK IN AND YOU
KILLED JAVIER, DIDN'T YOU?
HOLD TIGHT. WE'LL BE THERE.
¿QUé?
HOW'D YOU DO IT, HUH?
DID YOU USE A PILLOW?
POR FAVOR.
LYDIA. LYDIA.
WHAT? NO.
SHE'S DELUSIONAL, AND SHE THINKS
THAT MIGUEL IS IN LOVE WITH HER.
LYDIA, LET'S --
WHAT?
JUST --
JUST FOR A SECOND.
WE HAVE A MOTIVE.
LISTEN. SHE DIDN'T DO IT, OKAY?
SHE DIDN'T DO IT.
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH MIKE,
AND HE SAID
THAT REYA ADMITTED IT.
YEAH,
AND SHE'S IN THE WIND.
THANKS.
BEST FOOD TRUCK
IN L.A.?
IT'S NO CHICKEN MOLE,
BUT IT'S ALL RIGHT.
NEXT TIME,
WE FLIP A COIN.
LOSER'S BENEATH THE BUS,
OKAY?
SOUNDS GOOD.
[ RINGTONE PLAYS ]
OH, JESUS CHRIST.
LADY'S PRETTY HORNY,
HUH?
[ SIGHS ] NO. NO.
IT'S MY OLD F.T.O.
HE'S BEEN CALLING ME
ALL DAY,
DESPERATE FOR ME
TO COME VISIT HIS HOUSEBOAT.
[ CELLPHONE CHIMES ]
MY OLD BUDDY
HAD A CATAMARAN.
A GOOD PLACE
TO RELIVE THE GLORY DAYS,
GET OUT OF THE GRIT,
TALK, LAUGH, SHOOT THE SHIT.
COULD BE
WORTH THE DRIVE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I DOUBT IT.
ALL EX-COPS
GO A LITTLE STIR-CRAZY.
DUDE COULD PROBABLY
JUST USE A LITTLE COMPANY.
WHAT,
LIKE A PINOCHLE PARTNER?
DISPATCHER:
Any unit can handle --
reports of unknown trouble,
1317 Seward Street.
COME ON.
A57 --
SHOW US RESPONDING.
[ SIGHS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANKS, SARGE.
AIRSHIP LOST HIM
IN A PARKING GARAGE.
THEY BOXED OFF A PERIMETER,
BUT STILL NO SIGN.
[ SIGHS ]
THIS WHOLE DAY'S TURNED INTO
A ONE-MAN ASSHOLE --
UNBELIEVABLE.
WHAT?
WE WERE LEAD CAR.
COULD HAVE HAD HIM.
YOU FUCKING QUIT.
NO.
YEAH.
THE SITUATION WITH TAMMI --
IT'S SCREWING WITH YOUR HEAD.
IT'S AFFECTING
YOUR ABILITY TO DO THE JOB.
SHIT GOT CRAZY OUT THERE.
LIVES WERE IN DANGER.
I-I HANDLED IT.
I GOT A KID AT HOME.
BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT.
DON'T YOU FORGET THAT.
WHEN YOU WERE
FUCKING CHEERLEADERS
BEHIND THE BLEACHERS,
I WAS OUT HERE ON THE STREETS.
DON'T YOU FORGET THAT,
EITHER.
I'M DRIVING.
LET'S GO!
P-2.
GET IN THE CAR!
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ DOG BARKING ]
[ PAWS SCRATCHING ]
[ BARKING CONTINUES ]
L.A.P.D.!
[ DOOR CREAKS ]
[ BARKING STOPS ]
HEY, BUDDY.
WE'RE COMING IN!
L.A.P.D.!
POLICE OFFICERS!
COOP.
[ DANIELS GROANING,
WHIMPERING ]
YOU IN THERE!
COME ON OUT.
HEY!
NO!
DROP THE KNIFE!
SIR, DROP THE KNIFE!
[ DOG BARKING ]
STOP!
HEY!
DO NOT TAKE ANOTHER STEP
FORWARD!
SIR!
DROP IT!
[ SCREAMING ]
MR. DANIELS!
PLEASE, DON'T HURT HIM!
Lucero: STOP!
DON'T HURT HIM!
FREEZE!
GET DOWN ON THE GROUND!
PLEASE, DON'T HURT HIM!
GET ON YOUR KNEES!
MR. DANIELS!
GET ON YOUR KNEES NOW!
DON'T SHOOT HIM!
ON YOUR KNEES!
HEY!
GET YOUR HANDS
BEHIND YOUR HEAD!
DON'T KILL HIM!
HANDS ON YOUR HEAD.
NO! CALL AN AMBULANCE!
MR. DANIELS!
OKAY, COME ON. IT'S OKAY.
NO!
IT'S OKAY.
PLEASE.
COME ON.
COME ON. IT'S OKAY.
AAH!
COME ON.
MR. DANIELS!
IT'S GONNA BE
ALL RIGHT.
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
[ SIGHS ]
WAIT HERE.
MIKE SAID
WE'D FIND YOU HERE.
SAID YOU LIKED TO BRING JAVI
TO WATCH THE CAROUSEL.
I'M A NEW MOM, TOO.
AND I KNOW
HOW HARD IT CAN BE.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
SLEEPLESS NIGHTS,
STRESSED OUT ABOUT THE BABY,
WORRIED IF
YOU'RE DOING THE RIGHT THING,
OR, EVEN WORSE,
IF SOMETHING'S WRONG WITH YOU.
MY GUT TELLS ME YOU DIDN'T
INTENTIONALLY HURT YOUR BABY.
IT'S EVERY PARENT'S
WORST NIGHTMARE.
I WANT TO HELP YOU.
BUT I CAN'T UNLESS
YOU TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
[ Crying ]
I HAVEN'T SLEPT
IN TWO OR THREE WEEKS.
I'M ALWAYS
ARGUING WITH MIKE.
AND JAVI -- IT FELT LIKE
I WAS CONSTANTLY FEEDING HIM.
AND WHEN I WASN'T,
I WAS CHECKING ON HIM,
TERRIFIED
SOMETHING WAS WRONG.
HE SCREAMED
ALL HOURS OF THE NIGHT.
HE NEVER STOPPED.
[ SNIFFLES ]
SO I STARTED
BRINGING HIM TO BED WITH ME.
[ CRIES ]
I TOOK AN AMBIEN.
I-I JUST WANTED
A FEW HOURS.
AND WHEN I WOKE UP,
JAVI WAS LAYING BENEATH ME,
NOT BREATHING.
[ CRIES ]
I TRIED TO REVIVE HIM,
BUT IT WAS TOO LATE.
[ SOBBING ]
[ YELLING IN SPANISH ]
PLEASE, FOURTH FLOOR.
GO.
FOURTH FLOOR -- HE'S UP THERE.
ALL RIGHT, SHUT UP.
HE'S RUINING EVERYTHING!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
PUT HER DOWN!
SHIT!
SHIT.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ SCREAMS ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
HEY, YOU ALL RIGHT?
[ Strained ]
YEAH. YEAH.
GO, GO, GO!
FUCK! GO!
FREEZE!
DAMN IT.
FUCK!
SUSPECT HEADING NORTH
IN THE ALLEY!
Man:
ATTICA! ATTICA! ATTICA!
ATTICA! ATTICA!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ DOG SNARLING ]
A36 -- I NEED AN R.A. UNIT AT
CROWN HILL AVENUE AND UNION --
NOW!
[ SCREAMING CONTINUES ]
ALL RIGHT, TAKE CARE.
[ SIGHS ]
ASSHOLE DIED.
INCISOR
TO THE CAROTID ARTERY.
CRRK!
THAT'S NOT SOMETHING
YOU SEE EVERY DAY.
UNH-UNH.
YOU JUST HAD TO
PROVE ME WRONG, HUH?
[ LAUGHS ]
250 POUNDS OF
PISSED-OFF K-9 AS BACKUP
SURE BEATS YOUR SCRAWNY ASS,
SHERMAN.
YEAH, THANKS.
MAYBE WE SHOULD GIVE SPOT
A GUN AND A BADGE.
HEY, UH, I WAS THINKING.
MAYBE YOU WERE RIGHT.
ALL THIS CRAP WITH TAMMI,
I.A. COMING AFTER ME,
MAKING ME FEEL LIKE
I DID SOMETHING WRONG.
MAYBE I WAS OFF MY GAME,
A LITTLE DISTRACTED.
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
FORGET IT.
DRIVE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ GRUNTING ]
YEAH, I UNDERSTAND.
[ SIGHS ]
THANKS FOR CALLING ME BACK.
[ SNIFFS ]
HOW'S IT GOING,
BROTHER?
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
UH, MY BUS VICTIM
JUST GOT OUT OF SURGERY,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
SHE'S GONNA MAKE IT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I THINK YOU'RE DOING
BETTER THAN ME, MAN.
DEALT WITH
A DEAD BABY TODAY.
TWO WEEKS AGO,
I HAD A HEART ATTACK.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO,
MAN?
TWO TEARS IN A BUCKET
AND MOTHERFUCK IT, RIGHT?
[ LAUGHS ]
GONNA GO HOME AND GIVE THE WIFE
THE DIRTY BUSINESS.
HEY. JOHN.
GO HOME,
TEND YOUR CACTUS, MAN.
RENT A MUSICAL,
DO WHAT YOU DO.
JUST HAVE A GOOD TIME,
ALL RIGHT?
HAVE A GOOD TIME,
COOPER!
[ SIGHING ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
WORK UP
AN APPETITE YET?
[ LAUGHS, MOANS ]
I'M GONNA COOK YOU UP
SOMETHING REAL NICE.
¿QUé PASA?
I SEE
YOU MET MY COUSIN.
I DIDN'T KNOW
WE WERE HAVING PEOPLE OVER.
RELAX, WEY.
WE LET OURSELVES IN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU PLAY?
YEAH, I PLAY.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
GO PUT ON SOME CHONIES, HOLMES.
HICKS!
[ KNOCK ON WINDOW ]
HEY, IT'S COOP.
I BRAVED THE 405.
ACTUALLY,
IT WASN'T THAT BAD.
HEY, OLD MAN?
HICKS?
I'M COMING DOWN.
WHAT?
YOU'RE ON
THE DAMN TOILET.
Hicks: WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN MY HOUSE, ASSHOLE?
YOU INVITED ME.
[ GRUNTING ]
YOU COULDN'T WAIT
TILL I GOT HERE?
JOHNNY, GIVE AN OLD
SON OF A BITCH A HAND
GETTING ON HIS FEET,
WILL YOU?
WHOA.
YOU DON'T LOOK SO GOOD.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
OOH. ANSWER YOUR DAMN PHONE
SOMETIME.
CHRIST.
YOU WANT A DRINK?
NO.
I GOT WHISKEY AND VODKA.
AND, UH,
OH, I GOT WEED, TOO.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW, THEY'RE PRACTICALLY
GIVING THAT SHIT AWAY NOWADAYS.
YOU'RE DONE
FOR THE NIGHT.
AH, FUCK OFF.
STEP ON YOUR MEAT, KID --
DON'T STEP ON YOUR MEAT.
YOU KNOW,
THIS WOULD BE A LOT EASIER
IF YOU JUST PUT ONE FOOT
IN FRONT OF THE OTHER, OLD MAN.
YOU THINK YOU'RE IMPORTANT,
DON'T YOU?
ALWAYS STANDING ME UP?
WELL, YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE NOT.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU'RE JUST A GODDAMN TOOL
FOR THEIR DISPOSAL.
AND THAT'S ALL.
NOTHING MORE. NOTHING MORE.
COME ON.
SHUT UP! JUST --
[ SIGHS ]
GET IN BED.
I'M SERIOUS.
DEPARTMENT CHEWS YOU UP,
SPITS YOU OUT.
AND LOOK AT ME.
I'M JUST A HORSE
OUT TO PASTURE.
AND -- AND YOU WILL BE, TOO,
YOU DUMB FUCK.
YEAH. OKAY.
COME ON.
HEY, HEY.
HEY, HEY, HEY.
WHAT?
[ PANTING ]
I ALMOST
ATE MY GUN FOR DINNER.
[ LAUGHING ]
TASTED LIKE SHIT.
I-I-I'LL TRY AGAIN
TOMORROW, MAYBE.
[ GROANING ]
[ GRUNTING ]
YOU GET SOME SLEEP.
AYE, AYE, BOOT.
[ CLICKS TONGUE ]
[ SIGHING ]
[ BOTTLES CLINK ]
[ BOTTLE CAP RATTLES ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
Victor:
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
FUCKING STOP.
DON'T TOUCH ME!
HEY!
YOU MOTHERFUCKER.
WHAT THE FUCK?
LET GO OF ME!
STOP IT!
STOP! STOP!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
I'M NOT TOUCHING HER.
[ COUGHING ]
BUDDY.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
I DIDN'T TOUCH HER.
YOU DIDN'T TOUCH ME?
YOU DIDN'T TOUCH ME,
YOU FUCKING --
JUST TRYING TO KICK YOU OFF
WITH ALL THE CRAZY --
[ CLICK ]
[ CHRISTOPHER CRYING ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ CRYING CONTINUES ]
OH, OH, OH, OH, OH.
OH, OH, OH.
OH, OH.
Shh, shh, shh. Shh, shh, shh.
Shh, shh, shh.
Shh, shh, shh, shh,
shh.
Shh. Shh.
[ CRYING ]
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
Shh.
ALL RIGHT, CHRISTOPHER.
COME ON, BABY, PLEASE.